Update Exchange-Teams-interact.md (#7110)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/Exchange-Teams-interact.md

<sup>8</sup> You need to meet the requirements listed in the [Requirements to create and view meetings for mailboxes hosted on-premises](#requirements-to-create-and-view-meetings-for-mailboxes-hosted-on-premises) section.

<sup>9</sup> A minimum of an Exchange Online Plan 1 license is also required. For more information, see [Search for Teams chat data for on-premises users](/microsoft-365/compliance/search-cloud-based-mailboxes-for-on-premises-users).

> <sup>10</sup> Teams do not support time zone settings for mailbox hsoted onpremises.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

<sup>10</sup> Teams do not support time zone settings for mailboxes hosted on-premises.
```
